Tuesday 9th january 2nd day of the festival
while part of life was still sleeping, you had to get up early to
not miss not the arrival of the sun the beginning of the series of small
lunches from Quebec
one of the guests on this first day of summer the director of the
short film of our work jean-françois lévêque he told us
revealed a little secret house mountain men cluttering the streets
the Muslim world
we have no more news of it was time for him
the characters have been canceled on paper but for the better
during the shooting the average
the visit of m but i do not regret 3 the people
no
another event of the day eagerly awaited so it was about the beginning of the
conferences with the coming of paris céline dion the actors of the strange
mister christmas jack
the team and tell us about the 3D relief
so I hope we were able to cover all the debates inspired by the
she reads and relief
The relay will impact all the stations on the production line.
relief is intact and at the stage stage of the scenario at the level of the storyboard the
manufacturing these are complicated issues on which it is worthwhile
two years of thinking and asking the right questions
other event of the day the very first screening
stereoscopy of the long-awaited coraline also realized by sir not in
rest
obviously implementing the lib-dems anyway do it
Saturday
bollaert
arms
it was great
a double
a little further
I followed
no